# HARD

## <u>Exercise N°1</u>

[Fibonacci Word](https://edabit.com/challenge/8JegGd37XazwMJvs6)

### Instructions
A Fibonacci Word is a specific sequence of binary digits (or symbols from any two-letter alphabet). The Fibonacci Word is formed by repeated concatenation in the same way that the Fibonacci numbers are formed by repeated addition.

Create a function that takes a number n as an argument and returns the first n elements of the Fibonacci Word sequence.

If n < 2, the function must return "invalid".

Examples
- FiboWord(1) ➞ "invalid"
- FiboWord(3) ➞ "b, a, ab"
- FiboWord(7) ➞ "b, a, ab, aba, abaab, abaababa, abaababaabaab"

Notes
- You can try solving this using a recursive approach. No bonus points just extra satisfaction!!

### Solution Code  

```cs
public static string FiboWord(int n)
{
    if (n < 2) return "invalid";

    string[] result = new string[n];
    result[0] = "b";
    result[1] = "a";

    string final = "";
            
    for (int i = 2; i < n; i++)
    {
        result[i] = result[i - 1] + result[i - 2];
    }

    for (int i = 0; i < result.Length; i++)
    {
        if (i == (result.Length - 1))
        { final += (result[i]); break; }
        final += (result[i]) + ", ";
    }
    return final;
}
```

### Estimation
30 minutes

### Actual duration
25 minutes

## <u>Exercise N°2</u>

[New Driving License](https://edabit.com/challenge/HfpK34Ty4SZhN2d9e)

### Instructions
You have to get a new driver's license. You show up at the office at the same time as four other people. The office says they will see everyone in alphabetical order and it takes 20 minutes for them to process each new license. All of the agents are available now, and they can each see one customer at a time. How long will it take for you to walk out with your new license?

Your input will be a string of your name me, an integer of the number of available agents, and a string of the other four names separated by spaces others.

Return the number of minutes it will take to get your license.

Examples
- License("Eric", 2, "Adam Caroline Rebecca Frank") ➞ 40
    - As you are in the second group of people.

- License("Zebediah", 1, "Bob Jim Becky Pat") ➞ 100
    - As you are the last person.

- License("Aaron", 3, "Jane Max Olivia Sam") ➞ 20
    - As you are the first.

Notes
- N/A

### Solution Code  

```cs
public static int License(string me, int agents, string others)
{
    string asd = others + " " + me;

    string[] arrWords = asd.Split(" ");

    Array.Sort(arrWords);

    int indexqueue = 0;

    for (int i = 0; i < arrWords.Length; i++)
    {
        if (arrWords[i] == me) indexqueue = i;
    }

    int result = 20;
    result += (indexqueue / agents) * 20;

    return result;
}
```

### Estimation
10 minutes

### Actual duration
12 minutes
